4.2 update to battery monitoring setup page (#4154)
ArduPilot/ardupilot_wiki: common/source/docs/common-power-module-configuration-in-mission-planner.rst

19 	                                    :ref:`Rotoye<common-smart-battery-rotoye>`
=================================     =============================

.. note:: Once a specific monitor type is selected, parameters associated with that type of monitor will be revealed once parameters are refreshed. Scales and offsets, bus addresses, etc. will be displayed, as appropriate, for that monitor.

Other Parameters
----------------

> - :ref:`BATT_OPTIONS<BATT_OPTIONS>` bit 0, if set, will ignore the State Of Charge field in DroneCAN moniotrs, since some do not populate this field with meaningful data. Also various options for MPPT type monitors are provided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :ref:`BATT_OPTIONS<BATT_OPTIONS>` bit 0, if set, will ignore the State Of Charge field in DroneCAN monitors, since some do not populate this field with meaningful data. Also various options for MPPT type monitors are provided.
```

- :ref:`BATT_SUM_MASK<BATT_SUM_MASK>` is used if the monitor is type "10" (SumofFollowing) to select which of the higher numbered monitors values will be summed and displayed for this monitor.
- :ref:`BATT_ARM_VOLT<BATT_ARM_VOLT>` is the minimum voltage reported from this monitor that will allow arming to occur.
- :ref:`BATT_ARM_MAH<BATT_ARM_MAH>` is the minimum capacity remaining reported from this monitor that will allow arming to occur.
- :ref:`BATT_CURR_MULT<BATT_CURR_MULT>` allows adjusting the current scale for DroneCAN(UAVCAN) monitors which do not have a CAN parameter exposed for adjustment.

> - :ref:`BATT_SUM_MASK<BATT_SUM_MASK>` if the monitor type is 10(Sum of Following), this mask determines which of the higher numbered monitors will have their current and voltage reports summed and averaged for this monitors report.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- :ref:`BATT_SUM_MASK<BATT_SUM_MASK>` if the monitor type is 10(Sum of Following), this mask determines which monitors will have their current summed and voltage averaged for this monitors to report. If 0 it is the sum of all following monitors.
```

Author: fixed
